We gave two liters of saline on the way over.
BP is 80. Over 50 Multiple gunshot wounds.
Gunshot wounds?
Call the CS department.
I'm here.
Go check the other patient.
What have we got?
Shi Jin!
Look at me! Please look at me!
Can you hear me?
How can you come to me like this?
Please hang in there.
Captain An Jeong Joon! What are you doing here?
I couldn't trust my own team.
So I came all the way to my friend to get help.
Send me back to the North.
You want to go back to the North?
This is Bravo 567 Zone.
-Shots fired!
I need backup! I need backup!
I think their target is Captain An.
Cardiac arrest.
150 joules! Charge!
- Clear!
- Shoot!
200 joules! Charge!
Shoot!
His vitals aren't coming back.
One, two, three!
Come back!
Please come back!
Do you have any bullets left?
I have one bullet.
I'll stop the car!
Ten meters.
Five meters.
Now!
Don't do this!
You can't do this to me!
Please.
Please pull yourself together, you jerk!
It hurts like a son of a gun.
His pulse is back.
Shi Jin, are you awake?
-Where am I?
-Can you see me?
Can you hear me?
Where's Captain An?
What?
The guy who came with me.
Is he alive?
Who the heck is he?
Huh?
You're in no position to worry about him.
You almost died.
If I couldn't resuscitate you within one more minute,
you'd be dead by now.
You're exceptionally
pretty today.
You jerk!
The gunshot wound patient who came in with me...
You can't get up now.
Who is he?
Did you fight with him?
Is he the one who shot you?
No.He's my friend.
My friend I'm not so close to.
Where is he?
The patient who came with Captain Yoo
is causing a lot of trouble.
Oh my! Oh my!
Don't come closer.
If you touch me, I'll kill you all.
If I don't touch you now,
you'll die before you kill anyone.
You've lost too much blood.
Shut up!
I'll drop my gun.
You should get treated by the doctor first.
How can I trust a doctor from the South?
Can you guarantee I'll come out of the OR alive?
You'd be more worried about being outside of the OR.
if I were you,
whether you're from the North or South,
only doctors can save your life.
Go away!
Don't move.
He's in shock from heavy bleeding.
Dr. Song is standing by in OR Number 4.
He's coming right up.
Let me ask you a favor.
Can you perform the operation on him?
Listen to me carefully.
When his X-ray's done,
tie him to his bed.
If there are any broken bones, put a cast on them.
If he resists, beat him up.
There's no sign of pneumothorax or heart strain.
His heartbeat is normal.
Scalpel.
What's this? It's not a gunshot wound.
There's something inside.
Captain An Jeong Joon's
is from the North Korean Special Mission Force
and is with the Security Services now.
I heard that he's on leave during these second round of talks.
A guy who's on leave showed up
in the middle of Seoul and started a gunfight?
Captain An was being chased.
Those guys were after Captain An.
Judging from the way they were armed,
how they moved, and how they kidnapped the victim,
they're professionals trained for special ops.
They're not from America.
They're from somewhere near Russia.
We've identified them.
They're military officers from the Matoponian embassy.
Embassy military officers?
Yes.
When Captain An entered the country,
he used a fake Matoponian passport.
That's why they were after him.
The embassy officers opened fire because of a fake passport?
They could've come up with a better excuse.
I feel bad for you guys.
We have no right to detain them
under international law.
We need to investigate Captain An, whom we have custody of.
The hospital just called.
Captain An's surgery is over now.
How did it go?
What?
The operation.
He's alive
and has been moved to a recovery room.
He's still unconscious.
I have another patient who I saved.
I guess, for him,
I'm nothing more than a doctor.
That doctor experienced hell
when her boyfriend came in,
bathed in blood
and in cardiac arrest.
I'm sorry.
Is that it? No explanation
whatsoever?
Aren't you curious if I'm okay
while worrying about your not-so-close friend so badly?
Once you get better,
I'm going to kill you.
I might not give this to you.
What is it?
Why are you bringing him here?
Sir.
This room is under our control as of now.
Some medical personnel are restricted as well.
Please cooperate.
I heard you wanted to see me.
I think Captain Yoo sent me to the OR
because of this.
It's from the North Korean patient.
-Really?
-Yes.
There's a rumor that the patient is North Korean.
Can we treat him?
A North Korean?
We should. He's hurt.
We took an oath.
Aren't you scared?
He came in soaked in blood
after being shot.
He came to be in that state after hitting a signboard while drunk.
I saw a lot worse things
in Uruk.
Everyone! Stand in line in front of the guns.
Salute! Salute!
Hands off!
If you move, I'll shoot you.
Stop bluffing!
How dare you try to fool me?
I want to kick your butt.
News.
Every time I read politicial news,
I will unconsciously burst coarse.
Ha Ja Ae!
I heard you were held hostage.
Are you okay?     Did he hurt you?
Where is that jerk? I'm going to kill him.
He was almost killed, but you just saved him.
What?
He was the patient I performed surgery on?
I'm too nice!
I'm too generous!
Unbelievable!
I heard your boyfriend
came in covered in blood with that North Korean patient.
Guys in black suits are all over the place.
How can you date a guy like him?
What exactly does your boyfriend do?
Tell me about it.
I don't know exactly what he does.
I've been summoned by Mr. Han.
What about these?
Why isn't she getting angry at me?
What are they?
Belongings of the unidentified North Korean patient.
Oh! Are they all made in North Korea?
It's not working.
When a ballpoint pen doesn't work, wet it with some saliva.
Let me take these.
Bye.
What did he say?
This isn't a regular pen.
It's a poisonous pen.
I almost just killed myself.
Dr. Song, are you okay?
Move.
I said move!
Why did you come to Haesung Hospital
of all the hospitals in Gangnam?
This is a really expensive hospital.
We're carrying out government business here.
Please cooperate.
This is an official letter from the army.
This is not how you do things!
Right.
Who the heck is your boyfriend
and why is him being hurt government business?
Who the heck is the other guy?
Did the two of them fight?
Who won?
I don't know.
He lost.
I can see that he lost.
He's not good at fighting.
Everyone serves in the army.
Did you serve in the army?
What do you think?
I thought you were exempted.
That's not my question.
Can you keep it down?
You keep it down!
This is my hospital.
You take care of this
either as his guardian
or as his doctor.
Okay.
- Let's go.
- Yes, sir.
I'm Captain Yoo Shi Jin
from the Korean Special Warfare Command.
Captain An Jeong Joon,
what's your official position?
Why did you smuggle yourself into Korea?
What's your mission?
Whatever your mission was,
you seemed to have failed to carry it out since you ended up here.
Am i right?
Captain An Jeong Joon, let me ask you this
under the agreement of the Geneva Convention.
Are you seeking asylum in Korea?
It's hard to hear his voice.
If you're that shy, why didn't you stay in North Korea?
Did he say anything when I wasn't around?
I’ve already told you.
He smuggled himself into South Korea
and is asking us to send him back to the North.
I don't know why,
but you couldn't use official channels
through China or Russia
so you chose the most dangerous route,
which is South Korea.
If that's true,
your only option is to seek asylum.
If you tell us everything you know,
we'll welcome you with open arms.
I'll give you some time
to think,
so use it well.
I want you to help him make up his mind.
These are the things
If he's not on leave
and this is an unauthorized black op.
We might find the answer here.
I'll take it and decrypt it as soon as possible.
The summit is just around the corner.
What? What are they talking about?
Captain An's not saying anything,
and Captain Yoo is the only one talking.
What's he talking about?
Is he using the mother and family cards?
Well...
If you sprinkle vinegar directly on the noodles,
it's too sour.
If you put mustard on the noodles, it's too tangy.
What?
They're talking about ice noodles.
Captain An treated us
to ice noodle dishes
at our first meeting in Pyongyang.
Have you gone completely crazy?
I have to report to my superiors
and he's talking about mustard?
He's a captain.
He knows what he has to do.
This jerk!
Look at this!
What am I going to tell him?
This is Lieutenant Colonel Park Byung Soo.
You're saying that
we don't know anything yet?
What kind of report is this?
The North and South Talks are tomorrow.
The North Delegation is on their way here now,
one day ahead of schedule.
If we don't hand Captain An over to them by tomorrow morning,
they'll call off the talks.
What should we do?
The North Delegation has passed the Jayuro Road and has just entered Seoul.
Already?
How fast!
Is Pyongyang that close from Seoul?
Okay.
Hello.
If you get anything, let me know immediately.
Okay.
He's not even one of the top three officials in North Korea.
Because of a mere captain like him,
all the high officials both in the North and South are working all night long.
Does it make sense to you?
Who the heck is this Captain An fellow?
Captain An is probably a murder suspect
wanted by Interpol.
A murder suspect?
He's not a terrorist or an assassin?
Two days ago,
a very important witness of a crime
committed by a Yakuza organization
was shot from a long distance while on his way to court to testify.
Is Captain An the suspect?
No.
The suspect was found dead in the next building
Where is the suspected assassination point.
Captain An is as
second murder suspect being wanted.
Who's this guy Captain An killed?
He's someone we all know.
Sergeant Lee Seok Jin.
He was in the Special Mission Force with Captain An.
He assassinated a former fellow soldier
who was involved in a Yakuza organization.
I think that was Captain An's mission.
But why?
Did you find out
what's on the SD chip that we found in Captain An's body?
The code is too complicated,
so it'll take about a week to break it.
But North Korea wants Captain An back by tomorrow morning.
And we have no reason not to return him.
That means we don't have a lot of time.
The fastest way
is to make Captain An talk.
He knows that the room is bugged,
so he won't talk about anything important.
We need to
use his mother or sister,
who both live in North Korea.
We have to find another way.
We need Dr. Kang's help
and the SD chip.
The SD chip that the NIS is analyzing at the moment?
It'll be hard to get, right?
We made a mistake.
We should've made a copy.
Are you talking about something like this?
What a thorough man you are!
Should I send Dr. Kang up to your room?
You have some bone fragments
that weren't removed from previous injuries
stuck to your wrist and thigh
and you have four gunshot wounds.
They're all from today's incident.
The most serious case
is this old piece right next to your spine.
If you don't get rid of it, it could touch the dura mater
and paralyze you from the waist down, Captain An.
What I'm saying is that
you're lucky to be alive.
Please don't behave
like you have nine lives. I know someone just like you in South Korea.
Someone as crazy as you.
I wasn't going to say this,
but that soldier guy from Uruk.
Who do you mean?
That guy. He yelled at me
because I operated on a dying man
and locked you up.
And he punished Captain.
He looks like a rockfish.
I saw him earlier and he was bossing around
our hospital staff while yelling at them.
Does he think that he's in charge of this...
Nonsense!
What are you doing?
What should I do?
What I meant is that
he must've noticed
how happy I was to see him again.
I almost ran to him and hugged him.
I'm sure he knows.
He's such a sweet man.
He's the sweetest.
How's your mother doing?
Good.
She always makes a big deal out of it
when she makes dishes using my own money.
I need a place to talk to Captain An privately.
She's doing just fine.
I didn't say good-bye properly the other day.
I want to see her again.
You can choose a place.
Do I have to?
I don't want to
and my mother wouldn't want to, either.
You have nothing to worry about.
I don't trust you.
Please.
Don't dump me
like that because I'm drunk.
Captain An, come to the CT room in half an hour.
I need to run some more tests.
Don't be late.
I have a tight schedule.
Oh my!
Lieutenant Colonel?
I didn't expect to see you here.
It's so nice to see you again.
You don't have to hug me.
What?
Why do we run into each other
when our nation is in crisis?
Tell me about it.
Excuse me.
What is it? What's going on?
I have a lot of patients waiting for me.
10 minutes.
This is the only place that I can be sure isn't bugged.
Bugged?
What are you talking about?
You don't need to know for your own safety.
I'm working
for our nation at the moment.
Does our nation know
that you're working for it?
Shh!
You have to promise me one thing.
Even if my nation denies me,
I want you to remember me.
I'm going to kill you.
What's it about?
Shh.
We're not bugged here.
You can tell me anything.
I'm doing this
behind my boss's back.
I only have about 10 minutes.
I'm offering you help.
This is your last chance.
What's the problem?
Sergeant Lee Seok Jin.
Why did you kill him?
Give me my stuff back.
Are you looking for this?
It's my turn to get answers.
What's on it?
I got this tip that the North Korean
Special Mission Force Soldiers who were trained
to fight for our country were hired as hit men
for criminal organizations, such as the Yakuza or mafia
in mercenary markets.
Polaris 13 completed the mission.
Check if the money's been wired.
My job was to kill the ones
who betrayed our country
and find out who was behind it.
Do you have evidence that'll prove who's behind it?
I'm not falling for your leading question.
I know you’ve already seen what's on it.
The password is so complicated.
What's the password?
It'd be better if you just told me what's on it.
Never mind.
What happens in the Republic
gets solved in the Republic.
The Republic has already started doing something.
Director Choi from the National Security Agency is
on his way, ahead of schedule.
We have to hand you over
to them tomorrow morning.
Have they bugged this place as well?
No. Not here.
I can't even breathe in the room.
The situation will end soon.
Thank you for helping me earlier.
I hate you.
How did it go with Captain An?
It went well.
By the way, his name is An Jeong Joon.
A Captain.
Is it okay for you to tell me
the name of a North Korean citizen?
I want somebody to remember him by his name.
Especially a brave woman like you.
I gave him some painkiller and sedatives.
He'll sleep for about five hours.
Where are you going?
You can't leave the hospital without your doctor's permission in the South.
Move!
I need to finish my mission.
I told you that we'd hand you over
to the North in the morning.
Is it awkward for you to see Director Choi at the moment?
I was thinking about why you came to me.
We're friends separated by distance
because my enemy is
also your enemy?
Did you betray the Republic?
Or
did the Republic betray you?
A warrior
never betrays the Republic.
Who survived?
Polaris or Pluto?
It was Pluto.
You sure are a hero of the 11th Corps.
Are you the traitor?
That can't be.
Pluto, you're the traitor.
I'm begging you.
Please let me go.
If you go back to the North, you'll die.
It doesn't matter who betrayed whom.
I have a mission to finish.
If you go, you'll die.
Even if that's true,
I'll die in the Republic.
Please let me go.
I'm a soldier who serves my own country.
I can't let you go.
You treated me to ice noodles in Pyongyang,
and I saved your life earlier today in return.
This is a good-bye present.
It's really good. I hope you enjoy it.
Did you say good-bye to your friend?
Your friend has already left.
Without my permission.
Through the window.
I'm not close enough to say good-bye to him.
It's started to hurt again.
-Sit up straight!
-Yes, ma'am.
Did you break the window?
No, I didn't.
He broke the window.
Did you break the window downstairs then?
He broke it as well.
Then you, as his friend, will pay.
Should i, as his friend, pay
for the new windows?
As I’ve already told you, I'm not that close to him.
I had to
put up with Mr. Han
when he yelled at me about the broken windows.
Where is he?
How dare he
yell at my girlfriend?
Because my boyfriend is a friend of a North Korean soldier.
Right. I'll be back in two hours.
Finish your IV and stay right here.
Don't you dare run away.
Hello?
Your baby is already studying anatomy.
You're due in a week, right?
Yes. Next week.
Did you see Dr. Kang's boyfriend?
I heard he's good-looking.
I don't care how good-looking he is.
He came in with gunshot wounds and with
a North Korean soldier.
I heard the North Korean soldier is also handsome.
I hope we'll be unified soon.
Hey!
Why don't you get changed?
You walk around in scrubs
with a huge stomach
and are making patients nervous.
Do you still make your patients nervous in the OR?
Have you improved your skills?
Hey! You should be in your gown at all times.
People might think you're a patient, not a doctor.
What? What did you just say?
What are you doing?
My water broke. She's coming out.
You said you had another week.
Call Dr. Jeong from OB/GYN!
The baby's coming.
You wench! Let go already!
Hey, harder! Harder!
Push harder?
No. Pull her hair harder!
Hey! Ji Soo!
Go, Hee Eun!
Administration?
Yes. I call you because of the broken windows.
You're the guardian of Mr. Yoo Shi Jin.
Does he look like the kind of guy who needs a guardian?
One upstairs and one downstairs. Two altogether.
They weren't broken by a natural disaster or an accident.
Someone has to take responsibility and pay for them.
I don't think I should be responsible.
Mr. Han told me to get money from you.
And I think that sounds quite fair as well.
Clench your teeth.
By the way, why are you here?
I'm the doctor of the patient in the room
downstairs where Yoo Shi Jin broke the window.
It wasn't Yoo Shi Jin.
It was the North Korean patient.
But the North Korean patient went back to the North.
That's why you should...
Clench your teeth.
Excuse me.
Hello?
Baby?
Already?
The baby's coming? Now?
Yes! I'll be right over!
I have to go!
Go ahead!
The baby's coming. Aren't you happy?
Hey! Dr. Kang! Dr. Kang!
The South Korean idiots always talk about
family reunions and economic cooperation
and say that the future of North and South Korea
depends on the peace of the Korean Peninsula.
However, the higher the fence, the safer it is. It's better for the North and South to stay distant.
Leave us.
I've been right all along.
To get what you want,
threats work better than discussion
and tension better than peace.
It's good to see your face again.
Pluto 51!
I'm going to report on my mission.
I took care of Polaris 13 who betrayed the honor of North Korean warriors
and found out who's behind this whole thing.
I know.
I heard you have already secured the transaction file.
Where is that file?
South Korea is quiet.
That means they haven't broken the code yet.
I guess you're keeping it
somewhere in your body like you were trained.
I'll bury the secret with the traitor's body forever.
Any last words?
Put a bowl of Pyongyang ice noodles
on my memorial service day. Can you get it from Okryugwan in the Koryeo Hotel?
That can be arranged.
Anything else?
Now I'm done, I'll finish my last mission.
In the name of the Republic,
I'm executing the traitor Choi Ji Ho,
Director of the National Security Agency.
What's this?
An agreement about a family reunion center.
This is what we want to be resolved first.
I thought handing Captain An
over was a nice enough gesture on our part.
I thought South Korea likes to talk.
I'm suggesting that we should keep talking.
Before the things on the paper are solved,
we have no more to discuss.
The things that are written here
are basically that you don't want family reunions
and don't want to have South-North talks anymore.
Do I understand correctly?
The thing I like about the North-South discussions
is that we don't need a translator.
I'll consider that I have my answer now and I'll be off.
Why don't you sit down?
You need to see this before you go.
You earned some money while using your soldiers.
How many zeroes?
What's going on?
We've been ordered to take you
and Captain An back to Pyongyang immediately.
Is Captain An still alive?
I'll bury the secret with the traitor's body forever.
Can you get it from Okryugwan in the Koryeo Hotel?
I've got the password. The password is...
The GPS coordinates of the Pyongyang Koryeo Hotel.
Your shooting technique sucks.
You shot the spot that wouldn't kill me.
Why don't you come with us?
We got an order.
If you do anything stupid, we're going to take your body back.
Can you give me two minutes?
Let me have a snack before I leave.
I'll pay for this snack in the other world.
Thanks to you,
I can go back to the Republic
and die as a warrior.
Thank you.
Director Choi cancelled the afternoon schedule
and went back to Pyongyang immediately.
I'm not surprised.
By the way, can we hand over an important prototype
over a political matter like this?
Why not? We've made lots of copies.
I know this guy General Park who's on bad terms with Director Choi.
I sent him a copy by e-mail.
Korea is an advanced IT nation.
Politics is based on ethics.
A bad guy should pay for what he did.
Right prevails in the end.
What about the ethics of keeping your word on political trade?
You have a long way to go yet.
You don't do politics while following ethics.
What time is the press conference?
I need to change my tie.
Here she comes. 10 meters!
Hurry up! Five meters!
I can't take my pants off because of this cast.
Why did you put it back on?
For the perfect crime.
One meter!
Lie down!
He just fell asleep.
Sleeping is good.
He didn't go outside while I was gone,
did he?
I'll come back when he wakes up.
That was close.
Help me, Deputy!
Why did you put it back on?
I didn't get hurt because I wanted to.
He just fell asleep.
That’s right.
Thank you for taking care of him, Sergeant Seo.
I feel so stupid for trusting you two.
I had a good sleep.
What are you doing here?
The perfect crime?
How are you going to pay for the window?
I have a good idea.
Why don't you pay for half like a man?
You're kidding me, right?
I took a pay cut.
I'm not like a man.
What are you doing here?
It's been a while.
How have you been?
My life is full of surprises.
To see Shi Jin?
Yes. He's not dead yet?
Not yet. I might kill him soon.
Go on. Sergeant Seo is visiting him now.
I saw his car while I was parking. So...
So?
Did you have a fight with him?
No. I broke up with him.
He's none of my concern anymore.
Really? Why? Since when?
I guess.
What's that supposed to mean?
I understand.
Room 710.
Those two are dumb and dumber.
I hope their country doesn't know how they really are.
Is Sergeant Seo okay?
You said he was none of your concern.
I'm asking you as a doctor.
By the way, I'm going to see Shi Jin.
My heart goes out to you.
Am I the only one
who can't breathe  here?
If you came to see me,
pay attention to me.
You have a girlfriend who pays attention to you.
Should I go get her?
No.
She's been worried about me too much.
I know you're okay.
I'm going to leave now.
You didn't have to do this.
Wow, this will give me energy.
Why don't you offer her a seat?
Why don't you two talk?
I'm leaving.
If both of you leave, who's going to stay with me?
I wish he were lying here instead of you.
He was lying here instead of me for a second.
You must want to know
how pretty Sergeant Seo was
while putting his hair back.
It’s a joke.
He puts his hair back with such expression and
went "Oops!"
I didn't say, "Oops!"
You are dumb and dumber.
Take care of yourself.
Idiot.
I tried my best to make her stay.
I know. I tried to stop you.
This isn't the way to go?
What is it?
Why did you two break up?
I'm going to retire from the army.
What?
That's the only option
that I have.
You're going to do what?
I'm sorry.
How can you decide something like this alone?
I feel hurt.
I'm sorry.
Does Commander Yoon know?
When I was talking to him, Myung Joo was there.
Go get her.
She's the love of your life.
Don't make her wait too long.
What do you think they're doing?
As far as I can tell,
they had a fight
and Lieutenant Yoon broke up with him. For Sergeant Seo.
That's why Lieutenant Yoon can't let him win.
Because Lieutenant Yoon is a good woman.
As far as I can tell.
Sergeant Seo knows where Lieutenant Yoon's hiding.
He wants to stop her,
but he isn't.
So Lieutenant Yoon can save face while hiding.
Because Sergeant Seo is a good man.
What are you doing after work?
If you're free, let's go shopping together.
What are you buying?
Are you buying a car?
I told you I'd get a new car when I got back.
I don't know when I'm going to die.
I won't be too frugal.
I'll spend it all before I die.
I won't leave any behind and spend it all.
What if you're still alive after spending it all?
I haven't thought that far ahead,
but I'm still buying a new car.
Look around. Which is your favorite?
I like this one.
Huh? You interfered with my life.
Why? Do you like me?
That man recommended it to you earlier.
Huh? You paid attention.
Why? Do you like me?
Yes.
Huh? You said you liked me?
Why? Why do you like me?
Huh? What?
- Oh my!
- Finish the deal.I'm hungry.
Give me the contract. Now.
Today, the North and South agreed on a meeting
where 100 families will get together.
They're now planning to hold family reunions that have been on hold for five years.
Don't be scared. I got off work today.
Aren't you going home?
I'm your guardian until today.
When can I go home?
Can I stay here for another week?
For other excuse.
You come to see me every two hours.
It's so nice to see you so often.
If it's nice, why did you leave?
Where did you go earlier today?
I went to the rooftop.
I've been to the rooftop.
I didn't say of this building.
Did you go to a department store?
With your friend?
Why did you come back by yourself?
We have separate roads to take.
I feel a little gloomy.
Can't you try to make me feel better?
Why do you feel gloomy?
Peace has been restored on the Korean Peninsula
but I don't know whether he's dead or alive.
Your girlfriend is worried about you.
Have you ever lain down in a patient's bed?
Come on up.
How could she reject me?
Are you going to be difficult like that?
I'm a patient.
What do you think I'm capable of?
If the patient can go to a department store,
the doctor should take care of herself.
What are you talking about?
I don't know. I'm tired.
Chi Hoon became a father today.
It's a boy.
If you want to buy him a gift, keep that in mind.
He must be cute if he takes after his dad.
Congratulate him for me.
Copy that.
Sorry to have worried you.
Thank you for saving my life.
Why do we
keep saying these things?
Other couples say
"Thank you for taking me home."
"Thank you for the anniversary present."
I'm sorry.
Seriously?
What do you mean?
I saw the peace
that you protected on the news.
If you really feel sorry for me,
don't show up covering in blood.
Please.
Copy that.
Do you want to see the movie we couldn't watch?
Here?
The VIP rooms
have this cool thing.
Wow, we can finally watch this movie.
I never imagined it. We're actually starting the movie.
Last time, you paid for it and that was it.
Here we go.
I don't know who fell asleep first
but it was a long day
and I was in his arms.
I was shining in his arms all night long.
Like a woman who's loved.
Did the movie that we couldn't finish
have a happy ending or a sad ending?
-=Next Episode-=
Why are you still dressed?
Aren't you taking a shower?
I want to see you
fill the tub first.
Don't even think about it.
You know what?
We've never said "I love you" to each other.
We have, with gestures.
I'm sending you on this operation.
If not, I can sign the paper that you'll retire from the army now.
What do you want me to do?
I want to go.
I'll come back when the seasons change.
Sergeant Seo! You're back!
Sergeant Choi, what are you doing here?